# 28
When you become the person who always ask what he wants? Akai asked me.
I don't know, when will I grow up?
I think that the difference between the girl and women is: you should never say childish words to her.
For a girl childish words maybe makes you like cute or something else. But for a women, it only left childish. And it makes she feel like you like a fool or childish boy, not reliable.
I always told myself that I should keep silence, keep off my mouth. But in those years, it seems like I have a big mouth. Bigger than anyone else. Maybe it's time to make some change. Stop the useless conversation or chat with other people in the online app. But make some real stuffs for youself.
Sport becomes another habit for me. But how can I keep learning languages? The Spanish or Japanese? Why do you learn languages? You asked me. I love that, I like the different environment, different space and country, talk with local people and travel as a local. Just have some connection with local person, then it will complete my trip. I love trip after all.
Schedule your time, for each period of the day what you should do or shoudn't do.
Set a small goal for yourself, left those bad habits, and give yourself some reward after you did it.
Recently the goals is:
  1. Ride a bicycle to Gouqi Island.
  2. Daily sport: do 50 lifts, push ups, abdominal muscle wheel, 10km run, 10kn cycle route, 
  3. Languages: one hour for Spaniash, one hour for Japanese, one hour for English,
  4. Read: one hour for original Eng book, at least 15 min for Chinese poem book, at lease 30 mins for tech book
  5. Do not do unnessery things

Weekly goals:
  1. a papper of offical wechat
  2. Climbing
  3. use camera once
