# Letter to Sandra

To Sandra:



​	 Hey, Sandra, It's been a while since we don't stay in touch.



Yea, there were so many things that hanging over my mind these days.

First of all, I was asking myself all the time, WHY DID I LIKE YOU SO MUCH?

Cause you're a person who is always full of energy.

Passionate, Patience, Kind and always consider others.

I like the way we treat each other. The same food favor, the same cooking habit(we book like the tasteless foods and veggies)

Especially, the details: 

​	I. We will brush our teeth after breakfast(instead of before).

​	II. You will carry the package for me, as always.(as something else, always consider me)

​	III. You will hold my hands into your hands, trying to warm them.(and kept asking whether am I feel better or not)

And the way you treat my families, my friends: full of polite and patience.

And in the same time, your attitude to life (always look at the bright side), your attitude to people (be nice all the way), your attitude to things (don't blame, just feel be lucky all the time). You are so independent person, and extraordinary one.

Because all of these, I thought you were the one that I wanna spent the rest of my life with.

So, I asked the question to you.

BUT, you said no to me.

I was very sad though.

Yea, it is reasonable, cuz it is like you said: too fast.

I'm that kind of person: a little bit rush, and always think a lot of stuffs inside my mind.

So I decided to not talk to you anymore, just be FRIEND, but you called me, said some thing very nice to me: we need sometime to know each other more, I like to have a little try rather than just do.

You were re-entrying my heart again.

That's the reason why I invited you to Shuangqiao Valley to have a little trip: to let you know what am I look like when I am with in my friends.

And that's the reason why I invited you to my hometown to spent Chinese New Year: what kind of person am I when I am with my families.

And you did saw it.

AND

Yes, we're getting better, our relationship.

But for one thing that I can sure is: I won't ask the question "Do you wanna be my girlfriend?" again. Cuz you've already know it.  And I won't do anything that I think cross-line to me. You said you have to try first. But if I won't be the one who break the rule, and you neither(which is funny). If we both won't do it, how can we know the feeling, then made the decision.

And I don't like it.

The relationship that I am longing for is: the boy and girl both like each other, they both wanna spent more time to her/him. They both will crush into each other, consider each other, start to plan the future with each other.

You said maybe it's the culture, the communication, the distance.

Yea, I agree, it will be a such a gaint trouble when people don't wanna spent too much time to figure it out.

Maybe you just don't wanna to have a relationship currently. You said that to me.

Maybe we just didn't meet in the right time: I wanna get into a relationship, but you don't.

And almost a month ago, I met a girl in Shuangqiao Valley, she likes to talk to me a lot even I didn't answer her.

I felt guilty when I talked with both of you in the same time.

I tried to ignore her.

But in the end, I decided to try to know more about her.

And little by little, I've start to know the problems which you said to me: the culture stuff, the language stuff.

So.

Thank you for let me having you for a little while in your life:

The trip to Wuyuan, The camping night at Range. Wuyi, The cold winter hiking at Shuangqiao Valley.

But it's time to say goodbye, Sandra.

Even we won't be a couple, but we will be really good friend.

Cuz, We have so many same interests.

Wish you will get a good job opportunity at Guangzhou, and get back soon to you family.

(If I go to Spain, I'll visit your family, that's for sure, especially, to your grammy's house)

:D

​													- Frank 20220222