# Letter to 77

To 77:

 Hey, 77, it's been a month since our last meeting.

 I miss you, more than you can imagine.

 So BADLY.

 I wanna go to meet you, feel you, touch your phsycial entity, hug it, and kiss you.

 But I found a little issue recently, WHEATHER YOU PUT TOO MUCH TIME ON ME?

 First of all, I like the feeling when you company with me, that's for sure, one hundred percent.

 But, for some specific period, you shouldn't put all of your attention on me.

 You could spent it on something more valuable, for study, for reading, for exercise, etc. Something which can improve  yourself.

 Let me explain it to you, for example:

    1.when I was climbing, we were on a video call
    
    2.when I was shopping in a supermarket, we were on a video call

 For these two things, I don't think it's worth to put all of your time on them.

 It's worthless and no-feedback at all, objectly saying.

 If we're on a reality world, face to face, I'd like to hold your hands tightly to do these two things, but not with a video call.

 And the REASON why I wanna say these to you:

 Because I, Yunhe Wu, wanna have a bright future with you, we should organize our time more properly.

 For a bright future, we should have a plan for ourselves.

 Instead of just enjoyness, doing entertainments, we should have a study plan, that is for mental.

 And for physcial part, we should have a exercise schedule as routine.

 If we got a stronger body, which means there will be more things that we can do together in the future.

 Otherwise, I can see the limitation of it(things we can do together).

 Same as mental, if we do have a more intereting mental thoughts, we can have more deep talking.

 So, regard of all of these.

 I suggest we can make our video/voice call as a plan.

 For example, we can do it three times a week or twice a week.

 Other times, beside the work, we can make a quite video call, study onlinely together, no talking.

 Just focus on our study or working, when you/I feel tired, just take a quick glance at each other.

 And say something like "頑張って" or "fighting" or "加油"

 I would be glad to see it.

 Once again, I wanna say I miss you, but still, we can't see each other until the tail of March or the beginning of April,

 Let's just trying to be a better phsical existence for each other, or just for ourselve. And try it harder.

 Let's be preparing for the next meeting.

 Let's do it, 77.

 What do you think? (about the plan or the idea)

 I like you, out of your imagination.

​				  					-鹤 20220223

