# 20191026

"What do you want?"

I have to push myself to ask this question.

I saw the face when I grow up to 40 from the mirror. And it makes me upset. I don't like that face, actually.

If you ask me why.

Well, let me explain.

I wanna be strong, but I won't put effort on it. Not even do more exercise.

I wanna be rich, but I won't work harder.

Nowadays, you always learn things from peoples's disadventages. In stead of good things, U always judge thm. Who the hell you think U R, frank? 

I was quit a lot of things in this week.

For instance: do not do a routine run in Friday and Staturday, Do one more time self-fuilled, Do not work hard in office.



And what I wanna do?

or 

What do I want? is:

Be stronger, cause you always disappoint about your size, your musule. Priority No.1

Be rich in books, cause you like book and you like learning languages. Priority No1.

Be responsible man in work. Cause you wanna be profession in your job. Priority No1.

Be self-provide in economy. I mean, u can buy whatever you want. Priority No2.



Regrad those things upon.

You can make a plan for your daily life.



1. Wake up at 5 AM.  !!!  0.0

2. Take 10km run a day. 4 or 5 times a week.* ^-^

3. Take at least 1 hour off-oxygen workout a day. 7 times a week.* T.T

4. Reading one hour book in the morning. Every day in week.* T.T

5. Eat more than what you eat now.(Gain more weight) * 0.0

6. Cook for yourself. 0.0

7. Go to bed at 10PM. !!! 0.0

8. Get rid of all the things that will make you addicted. !!! 0.0




