# 28
Today, I said goodbye to my parents.
And have a little argue with them during the lunch time.
I thought the most divergence between me and them.
It's the way that we look the things.
I value the money as the tool to use.
They value it healier than me.
Talk abou this, I really do need do some self-introspection.
I became factious recently.
Got no reason and became angry.
Again and again. NO REASON.
That's not like me, that's not what I want.

I made a decision, today.
Get far away from mainland in China.
To the northwest province-Xinjiang of China.
For the next one week.
Gonna spend almost three days in the train.
Truely three days.
First distination is Urumuqi. Then Kashi.
I get panic when I got the information which there is no hotel available to lodge. I thought it was because of the coronavirus. In the end, I found one that still have some room for visitor.
Illness makes me feeling sick.
Everybody get aware of each one.
It seems like you didn't living in a social world. Not in a cilivization group. But a warzone. A lot of people use that sespicias eyetouch to observe you.
"What the hell are you gazzing?Am I look like a ghost or? Shut your ** eye off!"


No tiempo para viaje. Cada persona consciente de otros.
No me gusta este sentimiento.
¿De dónde eres?
Soy China.
¿China?
Si, si.
¿Es ese China que tiene coronavirus?
Si, Si.
¡Sale de mi país¡
¿Perdón?
¡Sales¡

孩子们在操场上跳着操，那是社会主义的体操。
“一二三四、二二三四。”
然后病毒来临。
一个个躺在了地上。
“老师，我嗓子不舒服，疼。想喝水...”
“老师，我头疼，有没有药...”
“老师，我流鼻涕，难受...”
“老师！...”
“老师！我...”
"老师..."
一脸无奈的老师，看着躺在地上的一个个孩子们。
叹了口气，便火急火燎跑去一个个安抚，一个个地。